Create rule S6639: Memory allocations should not be vulnerable to Denial of Service attacks (APPSEC-730) (#1944)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6639/common/impact.adoc

> A server that will face a memory exhaustion situation can become unstable. The exact impact will depend on how the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A server that faces a memory exhaustion situation can become unstable. The exact impact will depend on how the
```

affected application is deployed and how well the hosting server configuration is hardened.

In the worst case, when the application is deployed in an uncontained environment, directly on its host system, the
memory exhaustion will affect the whole hosting server. This one might start killing arbitrary memory-intensive
processes, including the main application or other sensitive ones. This will result in a general operating failure, also
known as a Denial of Service (DoS).

> In cases when the application is deployed in a virtualized or otherwise contained environment, or when memory usage
> limits are in place, the consequence can limit to the vulnerable application only. In that case, other processes and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where the application is deployed in a virtualized or otherwise contained environment, or where memory usage
limits are in place, the consequences are limited to the vulnerable application only. In that case, other processes and
```
